{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [\
    \{ \'93Title\'94:\'94Carly's Family",\
      "desc":"Carly has a large family. She lives with four people. Carly also has two pets. Carly\'92s mom is a doctor. Carly\'92s mom works at the hospital. Carly\'92s mom helps people who are sick. Carly\'92s dad works at home. Carly\'92s dad cooks for the family. Carly\'92s dad drives the kids to soccer practice. Carly has two brothers. James is ten years old. Scott is fourteen years old. Carly has two pets. Jinx is a small, black cat. Diego is a large, brown dog. Carly loves her family!",\
      "questions":[\
        \{\
          "text":"
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 How many people are in Carly's family?
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
          "answer\'94:\'942\'94,\
          "answers":[\
            \'93A. four\'94,\
            \'93B. five\'94,\
            \'93C. six\'94 ]\
        \},\
	  \{\
		\'93text\'94: \'93
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Carly's mom works at the 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'94,\
		\'93answer\'94:\'933\'94\
		\'93answers\'94:[\
		  \'93A. restaurant\'94,\
		  \'93B. mall\'94,\
		  \'93C. hospital\'94]\
	   \},\
	  \{\
		\'93text\'94: \'94The oldest brother in Carly\'92s family\'94\
		\'93answer\'94: \'932\'94\
		\'93answers\'94: [\
		   \'93A. James\'94,\
		   \'93B. Scott\'94,\
		   \'93C. Diego\'94\
		]\
        \}\
      ]\
    \},\
\
\
\
    \{ "title":"
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Spider Webs
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ", \
	 "desc": "
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 All spiders spin webs. That's because webs help spiders. Webs help spiders do three things. Webs help spiders hold eggs. Webs help spiders hide. And webs help spiders catch food. Webs help spiders hold eggs. Many spiders like to lay their eggs in their webs. The webs help keep the eggs together. Webs help spiders keep their eggs safe. Webs help spiders hide. Most spiders are dark. They are brown, grey, or black. But spider webs are light. They are white and cloudy. When spiders hide in their webs, they are harder to see. Webs help spiders catch food. Spider webs are sticky. When a bug flies into the web, it gets stuck. It moves around. It tries to get out. But it can't. It is trapped! Spiders can tell that the bug is trapped. That's because spiders feel the web move. And the spider is hungry. The spider goes to get the bug. As you can see, webs help spiders hold eggs. Webs help spiders hide. And webs help spiders catch food. Without webs, spiders would not be able to live like they do. Spiders need their webs to survive!
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
      "questions":[\
        \{\
          "text":"
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 How can spiders tell when something is trapped in their web?
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
          "answer\'94:\'943\'94,\
          "answers":[\
            "
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 A. They hear it.
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
            "
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 B. They smell it.
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
            "
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 C. They feel it.
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 "\
        \},\
        \{\
          "text":"
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Spider webs help spiders
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
          "answer\'94:\'941\'94,\
          "answers":[\
            "
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 catch food
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
            "
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 find water
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
            \'93attract other spiders\'94\
          ]\
        \}      \
	]\
    \}\
]\
}